This is a picture of my new second hand car from one week ago when I bought it.
And this is a picture of my new second hand car yesterday. Lucky me. And this guy here 
is the one who sold me the car. Even though he doesn't want to hear anything about it.
I showed him the paper contract that he signed. He says he doesn't know anyone with this name.
Great! Here I am, broken car, money gone. Private selling contracts are based on a big deal of 
trust. Apparently, trusting people is not always the best thing to do. 
Smart contracts, I have heard are the perfect solution for my problem. But... when it comes 
to computers, I am a total failure. All of this blockchain and etherium stuff sounds awesome
but I really don't have the time and the knowledge to get deeper into it.
Wouldn't it be awesome if there was a platform where I don't have to trust people 
because there is a higher instance verifying the identity of people and because all 
transactions are public? A platform that makes all this awesome technology available to me
without me having to know anything about the underlying concept?

We present "Bind". A platform for the creation and administration of smart contracts for 
the every day user. It is based on the new digital identity management system UPort. 
It allows you to "smart contractify" existing paper contracts by automatically reading in and 
extracting relevant information from scans. Moreover, it offers template for 
standard contracts but also gives you freedom to personalize your contracts. 
Payments via Etherium are a nice integrated feature. In my personal contract profile I can 
check on all the contracts I created! Not even my contract folder for all contracts 
I have at home are so easy to administrate! Rent contracts, contracts of all kinds of 
purcases, even my mobile phone contract, they are all in there and easily accessible. One thing less 
I have to worry about! And next time, the guy who sold me a broken car, will have to return my money back!


